feat: add support for ledger (#478)
FilOzone/synapse-sdk: docs/src/content/docs/core-concepts/fwss-overview.mdx

FWSS enables the Filecoin Onchain Cloud to behave not just as a passive archive, but as a live data service:

- Storage providers are continuously verified via PDP
- Clients gain access to retrievable, service-ready data
- Payments are automated via onchain rails linked to proof events

> By linking upload, proof, retrieval, and payment, FWSS delivers cloud-style storage with blockchaingrade guarantees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By linking upload, proof, retrieval, and payment, FWSS delivers cloud-style storage with blockchain-grade guarantees.
```
